it's okay for her to seek that comfort
of other man cuz you know she's got a
run wild you can't keep something like
that back hold on man oh I'm gonna tell
him I don't care what the doctor said we
got to tell him now
Ricki the doctor told us that we should
let you work it out in your own sweet
time but Ricky you can walk what'd you
just say he's telling you the truth man
it's all in your head you sick sons of
I mean you walk in that door on
your two legs all fat and cocky and
lookin at me in my chair and you tell me
it's all in my head I hope that both of
you have sons handsome beautiful
articulate sons who are talented and
star athletes and and they have their
legs taken away you know that paralyzed
I'm so paralyzed okay
you
okay you got a plug like this like a
deer
[Applause]
[Music]